refactor: Rework App Service Configurable documentation (#1240)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/application/services/AppServiceConfigurable.md

              Url: "http://my.api.net/edgexdata"
    ```

> The first line of note is `ExecutionOrder: "FilterByDeviceName, Transform, HTTPExport"`. This specifies the order in which to execute your functions. Each function specified here must exist in the `Functions:` section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first line of note is `ExecutionOrder: "FilterByDeviceName, Transform, HTTPExport"`. This specifies the order in which your functions are executed. Each function specified here must exist in the `Functions:` section. 
```

Author: fixed

## API Reference

Application Service Configurable does not add any additional REST APIs. It does inherit the [common APIs](../../../../api/Ch-APIIntroduction/) and the [Trigger API](../../Triggers/#http-trigger) from the SDK. 

## Source Code

The source code for Application Service Configurable can be found [here](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/app-service-configurable/tree/{{edgexversion}}).

## Additional Details

### Pipeline Per Topics

The above pipeline configuration in [Getting Started](#getting-stated) section is the preferred way if your use case only requires a single functions pipeline. For use cases that require multiple functions pipelines in order to process the data differently based on the `profile`, `device` or `source` for the Event, there is the Pipeline Per Topics feature. This feature allows multiple pipelines to be configured in the `Writable.Pipeline.PerTopicPipelines` section. This section is a map of pipelines. The map key must be unique , but isn't used so can be any value. Each pipeline is defined by the following configuration settings:

- Id - This is the unique ID given to each pipeline

> - Topics - Comma separated list of topics that control when the pipeline is executed. See [Pipeline Per Topics](../../AdvancedTopics/#pipeline-per-topics) advanced topic section for details on using wildcards in the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Topics - Comma separated list of topics that control when the pipeline is executed. See the [Pipeline Per Topics](../../AdvancedTopics/#pipeline-per-topics) advanced topic section for details on using wildcards in the topic.
```

Author: fixed

#### sample

Sample profile with all available functions declared and a sample pipeline. Provided as a sample that can be copied and modified to create new custom profiles. See the [complete profile](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/app-service-configurable/blob/{{edgexversion}}/res/sample/configuration.yaml) for more details

#### functional-tests

Profile used for the TAF functional testing  

#### external-mqtt-trigger

Profile used for the TAF functional testing  of external MQTT Trigger

### What if my input data isn't an EdgeX Event ?

The default `TargetType` for data flowing into the functions pipeline is an EdgeX Event DTO. There are cases when this incoming data might not be an EdgeX Event DTO. There are two setting that configure the TargetType to non-Event data.

#### Raw TargetType

 In these cases the `Pipeline` can be configured using `TargetType="raw"` to set the `TargetType` to be a byte array/slice, i.e. `[]byte`. The first function in the pipeline must then be one that can handle the `[]byte` data. The **compression**,  **encryption** and **export** functions are examples of pipeline functions that will take input data that is `[]byte`. 

> 

Reviewer 2: there is typo in line 652:  Alogrithm --> Algorithm

Author: Good ctahc!
